OSDOCS-4906: Adding oc-mirror OCI GA to RNs (#58933)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

* `ap-northeast-2` (Seoul)
* `ap-southeast-7` (Bangkok)

[id="ocp-4-13-installation-oc-mirror-oci-ga"]
==== Using the oc-mirror plugin to include local OCI Operator catalogs is now generally available

You can now use the oc-mirror plugin to mirror local OCI Operator catalogs on disk to a mirror registry. This feature was previously introduced as a Technology Preview in {product-title} 4.12 and is now generally available in {product-title} 4.13.

> This release introduces support for the following features when using the OCI feature:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release introduces support for the following features when local oci catalogs are included:
```

* Pruning images from the target mirror registry
* Incremental mirroring to only mirror what has changed since the last time you ran the tool
* Namespace hierarchy for alternative names for catalogs in the target mirror registry

[IMPORTANT]
====

> * If you used the Technology Preview OCI feature for the oc-mirror plugin for OpenShift Container Platform 4.12, you can no longer use the OCI feature of the oc-mirror plugin to create an image set archive as a first step to mirroring to a fully disconnected cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you used the Technology Preview OCI local catalogs feature for the oc-mirror plugin for OpenShift Container Platform 4.12, you can no longer use the OCI feature of the oc-mirror plugin to copy the catalog image locally as a first step to mirroring to a fully disconnected cluster.
```
